source/portal/test_landing_page.md, before:

---
title: Landing Page
layout: landing

nav: test_landing_page
name: /portal/test_landing_page
parent: /portal/test_landing_page

search: false

big_heading: Build it with Bambora
tag_line: Start accepting payments with code made by developers world wide.

# Card content: 
# icons must be svg located in /source/images/svg/
card_sets:
    -  
        title: Get Started.
        description: >
            Bambora makes it easy to accept payments in your app or website.
            Get integrated quickly using our guides and selecting from our 
            range of SDKS.
        cards:
            -                
                title: Accept payments in-app
                description: > 
                    Use the Bambora native payments SDK to accept payments in 
                    iOS and android apps.
                icon: notification-active
                tag: new
            -
                title: Accept payments online  
                description: > 
                    Use Bambora checkout, or one of our Shopping Cart plugins, 
                    to accept payments on your website or online store.
                icon: checkmark
            -
                title: Try our API 
                description: >
                    Get up and running in minutes. Use the Bambora API to make 
                    payments and much more.
                icon: list
            -
                title: Use a test card 
                description: >
                    You can use these test cards for testing card registration and 
                    purchasing (no real money is charged when these cards are used).
                icon: creditcard-outline
    -
        title: Upcoming Events.
        description: >
            The titles and descriptions of these card sets are set in the 
            yaml file and then rendered in the template.
        cards:
            - 
                title: A test card
                description: > 
                    Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit. 
                    Dolores officia incidunt sapiente molestiae totam quisquam.
                icon: flag
            -
                title: Another test card
                description: > 
                    Tempore corrupti, obcaecati voluptate nulla, repellat labore 
                    culpa, accusamus doloremque laudantium similique id molestiae.
                icon: more
            -
                title: This is a test card
                description: >
                    Beatae reprehenderit sunt, nulla sed, consequuntur nesciunt 
                    dolor eaque itaque qui fugiat.
                icon: search
            -
                title: The fourth test card
                description: >
                    Nulla, velit, illo. Soluta, perspiciatis? Voluptate esse, 
                    molestiae et natus qui voluptas doloribus minus praesentium 
                    itaque delectus.
                icon: comment
                tag: test-tag
    -
        title: Lots of Cards.
        description: >
            This card set has more than 4 cards, and an odd number of 
            cards. The cards also have variable length content. 
        cards:
            - 
                title: A test card
                description: > 
                    Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing 
                    elit. Amet eligendi, iste voluptatibus minus, 
                    temporibus autem.
                icon: flag
            -
                title: Another test card
                description: > 
                    Tempore corrupti, obcaecati voluptate nulla, repellat labore 
                    culpa, accusamus doloremque laudantium similique id molestiae.
                icon: more
            -
                title: This is a test card
                description: >
                    Beatae reprehenderit sunt, nulla sed, consequuntur nesciunt 
                    dolor eaque itaque qui fugiat.
                icon: search
            -
                title: The fourth test card
                description: >
                    Nulla, velit, illo. Soluta, perspiciatis? Voluptate esse, 
                    molestiae et natus qui voluptas doloribus minus praesentium 
                    itaque delectus.
                icon: comment
            -
                title: This is a test card
                description: >
                    Nulla, velit, illo. Soluta, perspiciatis? Voluptate esse, 
                    molestiae et natus qui voluptas doloribus minus praesentium 
                    itaque delectus. Nulla, velit, illo. Soluta, perspiciatis? Voluptate esse, 
                    molestiae et natus qui voluptas doloribus minus praesentium 
                    itaque delectus.
                icon: search
            -
                title: The fourth test card
                description: >
                    Nulla, velit, illo. Soluta, perspiciatis? Voluptate esse, 
                    molestiae et natus qui voluptas doloribus minus praesentium 
                    itaque delectus.
                icon: comment
            -
                title: The fourth test card
                description: >
                    Beatae reprehenderit sunt, nulla sed, consequuntur nesciunt 
                    dolor eaque itaque qui fugiat.
                icon: comment

---

Commit message:

Update landing template to support hero image

source/portal/test_landing_page.md, after:

---
title: Landing Page
layout: landing

nav: test_landing_page
name: /portal/test_landing_page
parent: /portal/test_landing_page

search: false

big_heading: Build it with Bambora.
tag_line:  > 
    Start accepting payments today with code made by developers world wide.
    Handy guides and libraries at reach.
hero_image: shoal-1.png

# Card content: 
# icons must be svg located in /source/images/svg/
card_sets:
    -  
        title: Get Started.
        description: >
            Bambora makes it easy to accept payments in your app or website.
            Get integrated quickly using our guides and selecting from our 
            range of SDKS.
        cards:
            -                
                title: Accept payments in-app
                description: > 
                    Use the Bambora native payments SDK to accept payments in 
                    iOS and android apps.
                icon: notification-active
                tag: new
            -
                title: Accept payments online  
                description: > 
                    Use Bambora checkout, or one of our Shopping Cart plugins, 
                    to accept payments on your website or online store.
                icon: checkmark
            -
                title: Try our API 
                description: >
                    Get up and running in minutes. Use the Bambora API to make 
                    payments and much more.
                icon: list
            -
                title: Use a test card 
                description: >
                    You can use these test cards for testing card registration and 
                    purchasing (no real money is charged when these cards are used).
                icon: creditcard-outline
    -
        title: Upcoming Events.
        description: >
            The titles and descriptions of these card sets are set in the 
            yaml file and then rendered in the template.
        cards:
            - 
                title: A test card
                description: > 
                    Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit. 
                    Dolores officia incidunt sapiente molestiae totam quisquam.
                icon: flag
            -
                title: Another test card
                description: > 
                    Tempore corrupti, obcaecati voluptate nulla, repellat labore 
                    culpa, accusamus doloremque laudantium similique id molestiae.
                icon: more
            -
                title: This is a test card
                description: >
                    Beatae reprehenderit sunt, nulla sed, consequuntur nesciunt 
                    dolor eaque itaque qui fugiat.
                icon: search
            -
                title: The fourth test card
                description: >
                    Nulla, velit, illo. Soluta, perspiciatis? Voluptate esse, 
                    molestiae et natus qui voluptas doloribus minus praesentium 
                    itaque delectus.
                icon: comment
                tag: test-tag
    -
        title: Lots of Cards.
        description: >
            This card set has more than 4 cards, and an odd number of 
            cards. The cards also have variable length content. 
        cards:
            - 
                title: A test card
                description: > 
                    Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing 
                    elit. Amet eligendi, iste voluptatibus minus, 
                    temporibus autem.
                icon: flag
            -
                title: Another test card
                description: > 
                    Tempore corrupti, obcaecati voluptate nulla, repellat labore 
                    culpa, accusamus doloremque laudantium similique id molestiae.
                icon: more
            -
                title: This is a test card
                description: >
                    Beatae reprehenderit sunt, nulla sed, consequuntur nesciunt 
                    dolor eaque itaque qui fugiat.
                icon: search
            -
                title: The fourth test card
                description: >
                    Nulla, velit, illo. Soluta, perspiciatis? Voluptate esse, 
                    molestiae et natus qui voluptas doloribus minus praesentium 
                    itaque delectus.
                icon: comment
            -
                title: This is a test card
                description: >
                    Nulla, velit, illo. Soluta, perspiciatis? Voluptate esse, 
                    molestiae et natus qui voluptas doloribus minus praesentium 
                    itaque delectus. Nulla, velit, illo. Soluta, perspiciatis? Voluptate esse, 
                    molestiae et natus qui voluptas doloribus minus praesentium 
                    itaque delectus.
                icon: search
            -
                title: The fourth test card
                description: >
                    Nulla, velit, illo. Soluta, perspiciatis? Voluptate esse, 
                    molestiae et natus qui voluptas doloribus minus praesentium 
                    itaque delectus.
                icon: comment
            -
                title: The fourth test card
                description: >
                    Beatae reprehenderit sunt, nulla sed, consequuntur nesciunt 
                    dolor eaque itaque qui fugiat.
                icon: comment

---
