source/includes/api/_make_payment.md, before:

# Make Payment

Making a payment is the most common operation you will want to perform. This is also called card "*Authorization*", where you reserve the amount to charge a customer. You can do this with an encrypted card, or a tokenized card. Following an authorization you will want to [capture the payment](./api.html#capture-payment).

**Note**: When making a payment request, the amount should be expressed in cents (or equivalent). For example, to make a payment of 10 EUR you would write the amount as `amount=1000`, for 100 SEK you would write `amount=10000`, etc.

**[Click](https://github.com/bambora/dev.bambora.com/blob/master/source/includes/api/_make_payment.md) to edit this section.**


## Request

There are two card formats that you can use to make a payment: tokenized cards, or encrypted cards.

### Tokenized Cards

```shell
CARD_TOKEN="<CARD_TOKEN>"
PAYMENT_REFERENCE="<PAYMENT_REFERENCE>"
MERCHANT_NUMBER="<MERCHANT_NUMBER>"
MERCHANT_TOKEN="<MERCHANT_TOKEN>"
MERCHANT_SECRET="<MERCHANT_SECRET>"

URL="https://api-beta.bambora.com/payments/${PAYMENT_REFERENCE}/card_token_authorization/"
AUTHORIZATION="Authorization: Basic "$(echo -n ${MERCHANT_TOKEN}@${MERCHANT_NUMBER}:${MERCHANT_SECRET} | base64)

curl \
    --header "${AUTHORIZATION}" \
    --header "API-Version: 1" \
    --header "Content-Type: application/json" \
    --data '{"currency": "EUR",
             "amount": 1000,
             "token": "'"${CARD_TOKEN}"'"}' \
    "${URL}"
```

```python
import requests

CARD_TOKEN = '<CARD_TOKEN>'
PAYMENT_REFERENCE = '<PAYMENT_REFERENCE>'
MERCHANT_NUMBER = '<MERCHANT_NUMBER>'
MERCHANT_TOKEN = '<MERCHANT_TOKEN>'
MERCHANT_SECRET = '<MERCHANT_SECRET>'

URL = 'https://api-beta.bambora.com/payments/{payment_reference}/card_token_authorization/'

payload = {
  "currency": 'EUR',
  "amount": 1000,
  "token": CARD_TOKEN
}

response = requests.post(
    URL.format(payment_reference=PAYMENT_REFERENCE),
    auth=('{}@{}'.format(MERCHANT_TOKEN, MERCHANT_NUMBER), MERCHANT_SECRET),
    headers={'API-Version': '1'},
    json=payload
)
```
> The Python code example requires that the [requests library for Python](https://github.com/kennethreitz/requests/) is installed on the computer that is running the code.

A tokenized card is when you have already registered a card with us and you're just using the token you received back to pay with it

You will need the following data in order to make the request:

* Data about the payment including amount, currency and a credit card token.
* A payment reference.
* A merchant number.
* A merchant token.
* A merchant secret.

You will get access to the merchant number, a merchant token and a merchant secret after registering with Bambora.

You need to set a unique payment reference in order to make a
payment. The maximum length of the payment reference is 2,000
characters.

We have created code examples showing how to query a payment - one written in python and the other written in bash using cURL. Please note that each placeholder needs to be replaced with real data.

### Response

```Response: 
{
  "merchant": "string", 
  "comment": "N/A", 
  "currency": "EUR", 
  "amount": 1000, 
  "region": "string", 
  "state": "Authorized", 
  "operationInProgress": False, 
  "operations": ["Capture", "Cancel"], 
  "captures": [], 
  "payment": "string"
}
```

### Encrypted Cards

```shell
PAYMENT_REFERENCE="<PAYMENT_REFERENCE>"
MERCHANT_NUMBER="<MERCHANT_NUMBER>"
MERCHANT_TOKEN="<MERCHANT_TOKEN>"
MERCHANT_SECRET="<MERCHANT_SECRET>"

URL="https://api-beta.bambora.com/payments/${PAYMENT_REFERENCE}/encrypted_card_authorization/"
AUTHORIZATION="Authorization: Basic "$(echo -n ${MERCHANT_TOKEN}@${MERCHANT_NUMBER}:${MERCHANT_SECRET} | base64)
​
curl \
    --header "${AUTHORIZATION}" \
    --header "API-Version: 1" \
    --header "Content-Type: application/json" \
    --data '{"currency": "EUR",
         "amount": 1000,
         "encryptedSessionKeys": 
          [{"fingerprint": "string",
            "sessionKey": "string"}],
         "encryptedCard": 
          {"cardNumber": "string", 
           "cvcCode": "string", 
           "expiryMonth": "string", 
           "expiryYear": "string"},
           "token": true}' \
    "${URL}"
```

```python
import requests

PAYMENT_REFERENCE = '<PAYMENT_REFERENCE>'
MERCHANT_NUMBER = '<MERCHANT_NUMBER>'
MERCHANT_TOKEN = '<MERCHANT_TOKEN>'
MERCHANT_SECRET = '<MERCHANT_SECRET>'

URL = 'https://api-beta.bambora.com/payments/{payment_reference}/encrypted_card_authorization/'

payload = {
  "currency": "EUR",
  "amount": 1000,
  "encryptedSessionKeys": [
    {
      "fingerprint": "string",
      "sessionKey": "string"
    }
  ],
  "encryptedCard": {
    "cardNumber": "string",
    "cvcCode": "string",
    "expiryMonth": "string",
    "expiryYear": "string"
  },
  "token": True
}

response = requests.post(
    URL.format(payment_reference=PAYMENT_REFERENCE),
    auth=('{}@{}'.format(MERCHANT_TOKEN, MERCHANT_NUMBER), MERCHANT_SECRET),
    headers={'API-Version': '1'},
    json=payload
)
```

> The Python code example requires that the [requests library for Python](https://github.com/kennethreitz/requests/) is installed on the computer that is running the code.

*Please note:* The /encrypted_card_authorization/ endpoint is only intended for merchants that have a fully PCI compliant backend. If you fit that description, please contact us at native.support@bambora.com for more information.



An encrypted card will usually be used the first time you make a payment, sending the encrypted card information, in return you will receive a tokenized card.

You will need the following data in order to make the request:

* A payload consisting of data such as currency, amount and encrypted credit card data.
* A merchant number.
* A merchant token.
* A merchant secret.
* A payment reference (the reference that you set in the SDK before the payment in question was made)

The payment reference refers to the one that you are required set in the SDK before making a payment. In order to capture a payment, you need to provide its unique payment reference.

We have created code examples showing how to query a payment - one written in python and the other written in bash using cURL. Please note that each placeholder needs to be replaced with real data.

## Response

```Response
{
  "region": "string",
  "merchant": "string",
  "payment": "string",
  "state": "Authorized",
  "currency": "EUR",
  "amount": 0,
  "comment": "string",
  #if token was set to "true"
  "card": {
    "token": "string",
    "cardNumber": "string",
    "cardType": "VISA",
    "expiryMonth": 0,
    "expiryYear": 0
  }
}
```
If the query was successful and you used the encrypted card method then you will receive a tokenized card in return as well (as seen in the example here, the "card" part). This is only the case if you set the "token" to "true" in the payload.

Otherwise you will only get the first part of the response (not the tokenized card).

If the query was successful you will receive an HTTP status code of 201 (Created). Any errors or problems will represent themselves as a non-200 status code. Check the [standard error codes](./api.html#errors) if you get something other than 200. See the response example provided as well.

Commit message:

split the main sections into 4 different parts. Created a new client-side and server-side section for processing payments.

source/includes/api/_make_payment.md, after:

# Make Payment

Making a payment is the most common operation you will want to perform. This is also called card "*Authorization*", where you reserve the amount to charge a customer. You can do this with an encrypted card, or a tokenized card. Following an authorization you will want to [capture the payment](./api.html#capture-payment).

To tokenize a card you will want to use one of our client-side tools: [Android SDK](/android.html), [iOS SDK](/ios.html), or [Checkout](/online.html)

**Note**: When making a payment request, the amount should be expressed in cents (or equivalent). For example, to make a payment of 10 EUR you would write the amount as `amount=1000`, for 100 SEK you would write `amount=10000`, etc.

**[Click](https://github.com/bambora/dev.bambora.com/blob/master/source/includes/api/_make_payment.md) to edit this section.**


## Request

There are two card formats that you can use to make a payment: tokenized cards, or encrypted cards.

### Tokenized Cards

```shell
CARD_TOKEN="<CARD_TOKEN>"
PAYMENT_REFERENCE="<PAYMENT_REFERENCE>"
MERCHANT_NUMBER="<MERCHANT_NUMBER>"
MERCHANT_TOKEN="<MERCHANT_TOKEN>"
MERCHANT_SECRET="<MERCHANT_SECRET>"

URL="https://api-beta.bambora.com/payments/${PAYMENT_REFERENCE}/card_token_authorization/"
AUTHORIZATION="Authorization: Basic "$(echo -n ${MERCHANT_TOKEN}@${MERCHANT_NUMBER}:${MERCHANT_SECRET} | base64)

curl \
    --header "${AUTHORIZATION}" \
    --header "API-Version: 1" \
    --header "Content-Type: application/json" \
    --data '{"currency": "EUR",
             "amount": 1000,
             "token": "'"${CARD_TOKEN}"'"}' \
    "${URL}"
```

```python
import requests

CARD_TOKEN = '<CARD_TOKEN>'
PAYMENT_REFERENCE = '<PAYMENT_REFERENCE>'
MERCHANT_NUMBER = '<MERCHANT_NUMBER>'
MERCHANT_TOKEN = '<MERCHANT_TOKEN>'
MERCHANT_SECRET = '<MERCHANT_SECRET>'

URL = 'https://api-beta.bambora.com/payments/{payment_reference}/card_token_authorization/'

payload = {
  "currency": 'EUR',
  "amount": 1000,
  "token": CARD_TOKEN
}

response = requests.post(
    URL.format(payment_reference=PAYMENT_REFERENCE),
    auth=('{}@{}'.format(MERCHANT_TOKEN, MERCHANT_NUMBER), MERCHANT_SECRET),
    headers={'API-Version': '1'},
    json=payload
)
```
> The Python code example requires that the [requests library for Python](https://github.com/kennethreitz/requests/) is installed on the computer that is running the code.

A tokenized card is when you have already registered a card with us and you're just using the token you received back to pay with it.

You will need the following data in order to make the request:

* Data about the payment including amount, currency and a credit card token.
* A payment reference.
* A merchant number.
* A merchant token.
* A merchant secret.

You will get access to the merchant number, a merchant token and a merchant secret after registering with Bambora.

You need to set a unique payment reference in order to make a
payment. The maximum length of the payment reference is 2,000
characters.

We have created code examples showing how to query a payment - one written in python and the other written in bash using cURL. Please note that each placeholder needs to be replaced with real data.

### Response

```Response: 
{
  "merchant": "string", 
  "comment": "N/A", 
  "currency": "EUR", 
  "amount": 1000, 
  "region": "string", 
  "state": "Authorized", 
  "operationInProgress": False, 
  "operations": ["Capture", "Cancel"], 
  "captures": [], 
  "payment": "string"
}
```

### Encrypted Cards

```shell
PAYMENT_REFERENCE="<PAYMENT_REFERENCE>"
MERCHANT_NUMBER="<MERCHANT_NUMBER>"
MERCHANT_TOKEN="<MERCHANT_TOKEN>"
MERCHANT_SECRET="<MERCHANT_SECRET>"

URL="https://api-beta.bambora.com/payments/${PAYMENT_REFERENCE}/encrypted_card_authorization/"
AUTHORIZATION="Authorization: Basic "$(echo -n ${MERCHANT_TOKEN}@${MERCHANT_NUMBER}:${MERCHANT_SECRET} | base64)
​
curl \
    --header "${AUTHORIZATION}" \
    --header "API-Version: 1" \
    --header "Content-Type: application/json" \
    --data '{"currency": "EUR",
         "amount": 1000,
         "encryptedSessionKeys": 
          [{"fingerprint": "string",
            "sessionKey": "string"}],
         "encryptedCard": 
          {"cardNumber": "string", 
           "cvcCode": "string", 
           "expiryMonth": "string", 
           "expiryYear": "string"},
           "token": true}' \
    "${URL}"
```

```python
import requests

PAYMENT_REFERENCE = '<PAYMENT_REFERENCE>'
MERCHANT_NUMBER = '<MERCHANT_NUMBER>'
MERCHANT_TOKEN = '<MERCHANT_TOKEN>'
MERCHANT_SECRET = '<MERCHANT_SECRET>'

URL = 'https://api-beta.bambora.com/payments/{payment_reference}/encrypted_card_authorization/'

payload = {
  "currency": "EUR",
  "amount": 1000,
  "encryptedSessionKeys": [
    {
      "fingerprint": "string",
      "sessionKey": "string"
    }
  ],
  "encryptedCard": {
    "cardNumber": "string",
    "cvcCode": "string",
    "expiryMonth": "string",
    "expiryYear": "string"
  },
  "token": True
}

response = requests.post(
    URL.format(payment_reference=PAYMENT_REFERENCE),
    auth=('{}@{}'.format(MERCHANT_TOKEN, MERCHANT_NUMBER), MERCHANT_SECRET),
    headers={'API-Version': '1'},
    json=payload
)
```

> The Python code example requires that the [requests library for Python](https://github.com/kennethreitz/requests/) is installed on the computer that is running the code.

*Please note:* The /encrypted_card_authorization/ endpoint is only intended for merchants that have a fully PCI compliant backend. If you fit that description, please contact us at native.support@bambora.com for more information.



An encrypted card will usually be used the first time you make a payment, sending the encrypted card information, in return you will receive a tokenized card.

You will need the following data in order to make the request:

* A payload consisting of data such as currency, amount and encrypted credit card data.
* A merchant number.
* A merchant token.
* A merchant secret.
* A payment reference (the reference that you set in the SDK before the payment in question was made)

The payment reference refers to the one that you are required set in the SDK before making a payment. In order to capture a payment, you need to provide its unique payment reference.

We have created code examples showing how to query a payment - one written in python and the other written in bash using cURL. Please note that each placeholder needs to be replaced with real data.

## Response

```Response
{
  "region": "string",
  "merchant": "string",
  "payment": "string",
  "state": "Authorized",
  "currency": "EUR",
  "amount": 0,
  "comment": "string",
  #if token was set to "true"
  "card": {
    "token": "string",
    "cardNumber": "string",
    "cardType": "VISA",
    "expiryMonth": 0,
    "expiryYear": 0
  }
}
```
If the query was successful and you used the encrypted card method then you will receive a tokenized card in return as well (as seen in the example here, the "card" part). This is only the case if you set the "token" to "true" in the payload.

Otherwise you will only get the first part of the response (not the tokenized card).

If the query was successful you will receive an HTTP status code of 201 (Created). Any errors or problems will represent themselves as a non-200 status code. Check the [standard error codes](./api.html#errors) if you get something other than 200. See the response example provided as well.
