source/index.md, before:

---
title: dev/bambora

toc_above:
  - <a href='index.html'>Getting Started</a>
  
toc_below:
  - <a href='mobile.html'>Mobile</a>
  - <a href='online.html'>Online</a>
  - <a href='api.html'>API</a>
  - <a href='testcards.html'>Test Cards</a>
  - <a href='carts.html'>Shopping Carts</a>


search: true
---
# Quick Start

**[Payments in a Mobile App](/mobile.html)**

Accept payments in your mobile app with Bambora Native Payments SDK for iOS and Android.

**[Payments in a Website](/online.html)**

Accept payments on your website using Bambora Checkout.

**[API](/api.html)**

Make payments from your web server, capture payments, return payments, and much more.


# Contributing To The Docs

We've made it easy for anyone to update the documentation. So if you see any docs in error or sections that could use improvement simply look for the **Update Docs** link at the top of every page. It will send you to the GitHub page where you can make the change.


# Support
Running into issues? No problem, just send us an email at [native.support@bambora.com](mailto:native.support@bambora.com).

Commit message:

major layout changes to mobile SDK docs. Made the h1's bold for the text style of non-expanded toc items.

source/index.md, after:

---
title: dev/bambora

toc_above:
  - <a href='index.html'>Getting Started</a>
  
toc_below:
  - <a href='ios.html'>iOS</a>
  - <a href='android.html'>Android</a>
  - <a href='online.html'>Online</a>
  - <a href='api.html'>API</a>
  - <a href='testcards.html'>Test Cards</a>
  - <a href='carts.html'>Shopping Carts</a>


search: false
---
# Quick Start

Select how you want to accept payment:


**Payments in [iOS](ios.html) or [Android](android.html)**

Accept payments in your mobile app with Bambora Native Payments SDK for iOS and Android.

**[Payments in a Website](/online.html)**

Accept payments on your website using Bambora Checkout. You can also use one of our [Shopping Cart](carts.html) plugins.

**[API](/api.html)**

Make payments from your web server, capture payments, return payments, and much more.


# Contributing To The Docs

We've made it easy for anyone to update the documentation. So if you see any docs in error or sections that could use improvement simply look for the **Update Docs** link at the top of every page. It will send you to the GitHub page where you can make the change.


# Support
Running into issues? No problem, just send us an email at [native.support@bambora.com](mailto:native.support@bambora.com).
